A notepad to serve as a place to record future ideas and features I want to implement.

BEFORE LAUNCH:
change to gunicorn


In progress:
1. Displaying the Session ID:
Add a placeholder at the desired location in your index.html where you want to display the session ID.
When a session is created or a user joins a room, update this placeholder with the session ID or room name using JavaScript.

2. Implementing the Leave Room Functionality:
Add a "Leave Room" button in your UI.
When this button is clicked, send a request to the backend to remove the user from the room and notify other users in the room of the departure.
Replace the "Join Room" button with "Leave Room" when in a room and vice versa.

3. Prompt to Enter a Nickname:
Before allowing a user to join a room, show a modal or prompt asking for their nickname.
Use this nickname when notifying other users in the room about new members or when displaying a list of members.

4. Display Users in the Room with Editable Names:
Display a list of users in the room. For each user, provide an option to edit the name.
Use socket.io to update all clients when a name is changed.

5. Leader Functionality:
By default, the person who creates the room could be the leader.
Provide an option for the leader to transfer leadership to another member.
The leader should also have the capability to kick users out of the room.

6. Implementing Synchronization:
The leader functionality you've proposed is a good approach to handle synchronization. If only the leader can control the timer, it reduces the complexity of handling simultaneous timer interactions.
Having a setting to allow anyone to change the timer is also a good feature. However, do note that this can lead to synchronization challenges, especially if multiple users try to interact with the timer simultaneously.

7. Timer Logic Backend Implementation:
This is indeed a larger task and it's a good idea to tackle it after you've ensured basic room functionality.
The basic idea would be to move the timer logic to the server side and then broadcast the timer status to all clients in the room at regular intervals.





Future ideas:
- Music sync (youtube based?)